# Digilouvre

What is Digi Louvre?

Digi Louvre is an easy-to-use web-based digital image content management system that allows artists and photographers to display their images and sell image prints online with PayPal or credit card (via Stripe).

Features include:

  - Easily upload from desktop and mobile devices and display your images without any knowledge of HTML or CSS.
  - Dynamically generated pages and links to image categories.
  - No subscription fees* (other than your web hosting service and domain name).
  - Secure signup and login for user accounts.
  - Easily generate reports of your orders based on customer, payment type, order date, and product type.

How to use Digi Louvre

You can browse the images on the website for free without an account. To buy prints of the images, you must create a Digi Louvre account.

To create an account:

  1. Select ‘Login’ in the top right hand corner of the nav bar.
  2. Select ‘Sign Up’ below the Login button.
  3. Enter your new username, email address, and password (twice so we have it right).
  4. Check your email for the message containing the confirmation link, which will bring you back to our website.
  5. Select Login from the nav bar and enter your username and password.

To purchase an image:

  1. Click on any image, then scroll down and select ‘Buy Image’ to see a list of available prints.
  2. Select the print format you want.
  3. Select ‘Add to cart’
  4. Either select ‘Checkout’ to pay for your order or ‘Continue Shopping’ to browse more images.

Note that only admin users can upload images and create galleries, categories and products based on the images.

To upload an image:

  1. Login using your admin account (or username: guest and password: drcbeatz).
  2. Select the ‘Add Image’ button.
  3. Choose the Gallery (these appear in the nav bar and are dynamically generated by the website owner).
  4. Choose the Category (these are the types of images displayed in the dropdown menu for each Gallery).
  5. Add a title and description for the image.
  6. Select the ‘Choose File’ button to upload your image (either from your computers hard drive or your phone/tablets photo collection).
  7. Optionally choose the ‘Anchor’, which is the position of the uploaded image in the thumbnails displayed. Thumbnail dimensions are square by    default.
  8. Optionally add a link to another website by setting the link title and url.
  9. Select ‘Submit’ (it may take a few moments to upload depending on the image size) and you are done!
